{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\qc

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 Add-In Users Guide\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
~Draft~\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 License\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one   *\
 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file *\
 * distributed with this work for additional information        *\
 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file   *\
 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the            *\
 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance   *\
 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at   *\
 *                                                              *\
 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0                 *\
 *                                                              *\
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,   *\
 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an  *\
 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY       *\
 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the    *\
 * specific language governing permissions and limitations      *\
 * under the License.                                           *
\fs28 \

\i\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\ql\qnatural
\cf0 About the Add-In\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 Add-In
\i0\b0  is a plugin provided by Etch framework to integrate Etch Compiler and Etch C# runtime library into Visual Studio 2005 IDE.  Developers who use C# to develop Etch network service and client can use this Add-In to generate Etch C# binding and stub code without leaving the IDE.  Also, Etch C# library is available in the list of standard .Net components.  Developers can reference the library without browsing into the Etch library directory.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Installation and Uninstallation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 A wizard-driven installer is available for developers to install and uninstall the Add-In effortlessly.  The installer, 
\i\b VSAddInSetup.exe
\i0\b0 , is in the 
\i\b plugins
\i0\b0  folder inside Etch home directory.  \
To install the Add-In, run 
\i\b VSAddInSetup.exe
\i0\b0  and specified your Etch home directory and the install directory for the Add-In.  Please close all instances of Visual Studio 2005 before installation.  After installation, you can find 
\i\b Etch
\i0\b0  listed as one of the Add-Ins in the 
\i\b Add-In Manager
\i0\b0  (
\i\b Tools, Add-in Manager\'85
\i0\b0 ).     \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\qc

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 To uninstall the Add-In, user can either perform the action from 
\i\b Control Panel
\i0\b0 , 
\i\b Add or Remove Programs, Visual Studio for Etch
\i0\b0  or 
\i\b Start
\i0\b0 , 
\i\b All Programs
\i0\b0 , 
\i\b Visual Studio Add-In for Etch
\i0\b0 , 
\i\b Uninstall
\i0\b0 .  All instances of Visual Studio 2005 must be closed before uninstallation.  The uninstaller restarts Visual Studio 2005 when the uninstallation process is done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Etch C# Runtime Reference\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The Add-In adds the library path of Etch installation into Visual Studio 2005\'92s default assembly folders.  When developers need to add Etch C# runtime as one of the references into the project, the 
\i\b Etch4CS
\i0\b0  library can be easily located in the 
\i\b .NET
\i0\b0  tab of 
\i\b Add Reference
\i0\b0  window.    \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\qc
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Generate Etch C# Binding\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The Add-In integrates with Etch Compiler for developers to generate Etch C# binding and stub code inside 
\i\b Visual Studio 2005 IDE
\i0\b0 .  The Add-In provides three context menu items in 
\i\b Solution Explorer
\i0\b0 ; developers can right-mouse click on an Etch network service definition file (
\i\b .etch
\i0\b0 )  in a development project then create the bindings and stub code by selecting one of the three Etch related menu items.\
\

\i\b Etch (Both)
\i0\b0 : Generate both server and client binding and stub code.\

\i\b Etch (Server)
\i0\b0 : Generate server side binding and stub code.\

\i\b Etch (Client)
\i0\b0 : Generate client side binding and stub code.\
\
The Etch compiler generated files reside under the same directory as Etch network service definition file (
\i\b .etch)
\i0\b0  file.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 To view Etch compiler generated files, developers can click on \'93
\i\b Show All Files
\i0\b0 \'94 toolbar button on 
\i\b Solution Explorer
\i0\b0  then select files and include them into the working project.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0  
\f2\fs20 \
}